Robert: Oh my gosh, oh my GOSH! What just happened?! Where am I?!
Unknown Man: HELLO!
Robert: What? Who are you?!
Unknown Man: Oh yes, of course. Let me introduce myself. My name is Erwin Schrodinger.
Robert: ... Schrodinger? You're named after that famous physicist?
Schrodinger: ...In a manner of speaking.
Robert: Huh?
Schrodinger: I'm THE Erwin Schrodinger, physicist extraordinaire.
Robert: How are you here? Why are you here? And why am I here?
Schrodinger: One question at a time, boy. Well, I guess there's no easy way to say this, so I'll just be blunt: I'm the one who brought you here.
Robert : WHAT!? Why?! Why would you do that?
Schrodinger: I needed help! Something horrible has happened, and I have been trying to fix it, but I'm not as young as I used to be, and--
Robert: What? What happened?
Schrodinger: The emergence of quantum physics! I've always hated the concept. It just seems so--so outlandish! So one day, I took matters into my own hands.
Schrodinger: I performed an experiment. I put a cat in a box along with a flask of poison and a radioactive source.
Schrodinger: If any amount of radiation were detected, even so much as a single atom, the poison would be released, and the cat would die.
Schrodinger: According to the principles of quantum mechanics, specifically Copenhagen's Principle, the cat should have been simultaneously alive AND dead.
Schrodinger: The experiment created a paradox.. As a result of this unnatural state, the cat was given God-like powers, achieving a state of near-omnipotence!
Schrodinger: In a vengeful rage, the cat thrust me and my entire lab into an alternate dimension. The very dimension you are now in. I've been here for years, trying to discover a way back to our world.
Schrodinger : I brought you here to help me stop the cat and bring order back to this world.
Robert: And how exactly am I supposed to that?
Schrodinger: You are an anomaly. You were drawn to my quantum disturbance. You were at the correct place, at the correct time. That is exactly what I was looking for, and I found it, er, you.
Robert: I don't follow.
Schrodinger: Let me see, how can I simplify this...? Some things in the world are universal facts. They exist because they exist.
Schrodinger: You, young man, are a universal fact. Because of this, the cat has trouble manipulating you.
Robert: I still don't get it.
Schrodinger: It means that you are--by the way, what's your name?
Robert: Uh, Robert.
Schrodinger: Yes, well, it means, Robert, that you are the only one who can save this world, and every other world the cat will endanger.
Robert: Do you know how silly that sounds--
ACTION:CAT_TELEPORT_IN
Cat: Meowwwww....
ACTION:CAT_TELEPORT_OUT
Schrodinger: Oh no! The cat must've caught on to my plan! Hurry, you must leave! It's come here for you! Here, take this!
Robert: What? You mean that cat's REAL?! What do I do?!
Schrodinger: OPEN THAT BOX, THE GREEN ONE!!
Robert : WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO DO?!
Schrodinger: No time to explain, just do it! And take this, too!
PARSE:Robert got GREEN KEY
ACTION:END_DIALOG